src/Aspects/Aer.png, Aer, true, false, false, false, false, false
src/Aspects/Aqua.png, Aqua, false, true, false, false, false, false
src/Aspects/Ignis.png, Ignis, false, false, true, false, false, false
src/Aspects/Ordo.png, Ordo, false, false, false, true, false, false
src/Aspects/Perditio.png, Perditio, false, false, false, false, true, false
src/Aspects/Terra.png, Terra, false, false, false, false, false, true
src/Aspects/Alienis.png, Alienis, true, false, true, false, true, false
src/Aspects/Arbor.png, Arbor, true, true, false, false, false, true
src/Aspects/Auram.png, Auram, true, false, true, true, true, false
src/Aspects/Bestia.png, Bestia, true, true, false, true, false, true
src/Aspects/Cognitio.png, Cognitio, false, true, true, false, true, true
src/Aspects/Corpus.png, Corpus, true, true, false, true, true, true
src/Aspects/Exanimis.png, Exanimis, true, true, false, true, true, true
src/Aspects/Fabrico.png, Fabrico, true, true, true, true, true, true
src/Aspects/Fames.png, Fames, true, true, false, false, true, true
src/Aspects/Gelum.png, Gelum, false, false, true, false, true, false
src/Aspects/Herba.png, Herba, false, true, false, false, false, true
src/Aspects/Humanus.png, Humanus, true, true, true, true, true, true
src/Aspects/Instrumentum.png, Instrumentum, true, true, true, true, true, true
src/Aspects/Iter.png, Iter, true, false, false, true, false, true
src/Aspects/Limus.png, Limus, false, true, false, false, false, true
src/Aspects/Lucrum.png, Lucrum, true, true, true, true, true, true
src/Aspects/Lux.png, Lux, true, false, true, false, false, false
src/Aspects/Machina.png, Machina, true, true, true, true, true, true
src/Aspects/Messis.png, Messis, true, true, true, true, true, true
src/Aspects/Metallum.png, Metallum, false, false, false, true, false, true
src/Aspects/Meto.png, Meto, true, true, true, true, true, true
src/Aspects/Mortuus.png, Mortuus, false, true, false, false, true, true
src/Aspects/Motus.png, Motus, true, false, false, true, false, false
src/Aspects/Pannus.png, Pannus, true, true, true, true, true, true
src/Aspects/Perfodio.png, Perfodio, true, true, true, true, true, true
src/Aspects/Permutatio.png, Permutatio, false, false, false, true, true, false
src/Aspects/Potentia.png, Potentia, false, false, true, true, false, false
src/Aspects/Praecantatio.png, Praecantatio, true, false, true, true, false, true
src/Aspects/Sano.png, Sano, false, true, false, true, false, true
src/Aspects/Sensus.png, Sensus, true, true, false, false, true, true
src/Aspects/Spiritus.png, Spiritus, false, true, false, false, true, true
src/Aspects/Telum.png, Telum, true, true, true, true, true, true
src/Aspects/Tempestas.png, Tempestas, true, true, false, false, false, false
src/Aspects/Tenebrae.png, Tenebrae, true, false, true, false, true, false
src/Aspects/Tutamen.png, Tutamen, true, true, true, true, true, true
src/Aspects/Vacuos.png, Vacuos, true, false, false, false, true, false
src/Aspects/Venenum.png, Venenum, false, true, false, false, true, false
src/Aspects/Victus.png, Victus, false, true, false, false, false, true
src/Aspects/Vinculum.png, Vinculum, true, false, false, true, false, true
src/Aspects/Vitium.png, Vitium, true, false, true, true, false, true
src/Aspects/Vitreus.png, Vitreus, false, false, false, true, false, true
src/Aspects/Volatus.png, Volatus, true, false, false, true, false, false
src/Aspects/Desidia.png, Desidia, Spiritus, true, true, false, true, true, true
src/Aspects/Gula.png, Gula, true, true, false, false, true, true
src/Aspects/Infernus.png, Infernus, true, false, true, true, false, true
src/Aspects/Invidia.png, Invidia, true, true, false, false, true, true
src/Aspects/Ira.png, Ira, true, true, true, true, true, true
src/Aspects/Luxuria.png, Luxuria, true, true, false, true, true, true
src/Aspects/Superbia.png, Superbia, true, false, false, true, true, false